README.md, before:

# swarm-cooperative-navigation

## Chronogram
  
|                              Activity                               | 10/9 | 17/9 | 24/9 | 01/10 | 08/10 | 15/10 | 22/10 | 29/10 |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------|:----:|:----:|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|-------|-------|-------|
| Implementação de enxame de robos e ambiente basico de teste         | x    |      |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| Implementacao de navegacao cooperativa                              |      |  X   |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| Implementação de coesão mínima                                      |      |  X   |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| Implementacao de tarefa de busca e coleta                           |      |  x   |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| Implementacao da tarefa de mapeamento em espaco fechado             |      |      |  x   |       |       |       |       |       |
| Implementacao da tarefa de busca e resgate em ambiente mapeado      |      |      |      |   x   |       |       |       |       |
| Implementacao em ambiente de simulacao (CoppeliaSim)                |      |      |      |       |  x    |       |       |       |
| Testes de performance  e comparacoes com outros metodos             |      |      |      |       |       |  x    |       |       |
| Monografia - Introducao, Corpo de trabalho e conclusoes             |      |      |      |       |       |       | x     |       |
| Monografia completa para revisão do Orientador                      |      |      |      |       |       |       |       | x     |


  
|                              Activity                               | 05/11 | 12/11 | 19/11 | 26/11 | 04/12 |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------|-------|:-----:|-------|-------|:-----:|
| Monografia revisada (9/11/2020 deve estar revisado pelo Orientador) | x     |       |       |       |       |
| Ajustes                                                             |       | x     | x     | x     |       |
| Apresentação do projeto (23/11/2020 a 04/12/2020)                   |       |       |       |       | x     |

Commit message:

Added share latex thesis model and python robot simulation model

README.md, after:

# swarm-cooperative-navigation

This is a bachelor's thesis project of the Electrical Engineering School of the University of São Paulo.

## Chronogram
  
|                              Activity                               | 10/9 | 17/9 | 24/9 | 01/10 | 08/10 | 15/10 | 22/10 | 29/10 |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------|:----:|:----:|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|-------|-------|-------|
| Implementation of swarm of robots and basic environment for testing | x    |      |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| Implementation of cooperative navigation                              |      |  X   |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| Implementation of minimum cohesion                                      |      |  X   |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| Implementation of task of search and collect(foraging)                           |      |  x   |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| Implementation of task of mapping in closed environment             |      |      |  x   |       |       |       |       |       |
| Implementation of task of search and rescue in mapped environment      |      |      |      |   x   |       |       |       |       |
| Implementation on simulation environment (CoppeliaSim)                |      |      |      |       |  x    |       |       |       |
| Tests of performance and comparison with other methods             |      |      |      |       |       |  x    |       |       |
| Monograph - Introduction, Body of work and conclusions             |      |      |      |       |       |       | x     |       |
| Complete monograph for Advisor Revision                      |      |      |      |       |       |       |       | x     |


  
|                              Activity                               | 05/11 | 12/11 | 19/11 | 26/11 | 04/12 |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------|-------|:-----:|-------|-------|:-----:|
| Revised monograph (9/11/2020 must be revised by Advisor) | x     |       |       |       |       |
| Adjusts                                                             |       | x     | x     | x     |       |
| Project presentation (23/11/2020 a 04/12/2020)                   |       |       |       |       | x     |
